[Music]
welcome back everyone today we are going
to take a look at 2018 horror war film
called overlord spoilers ahead
on the eve of d-day an american
paratrooper squad most of them an
integrated unit is sent to destroy a
german radio jamming tower in an old
church their plane is shot down and
crashes many soldiers die in the crash
pfc boyce falls in the sea and when he
gets out he hears gunshots everywhere
while he wanders the woods with a gun in
his hand he hears some soldiers chatting
in german when he goes near his squad
member corporal ford shows up and
sergeant resin gets shot dead before
them by the german soldiers when boyce
tries to fight the german soldiers ford
holds him back and tells him there is no
need to fight over dead sergeant resin
because they only have two guns and
there are many soldiers ford reminds him
they have to get to the tower down by
six am
there they meet three more members of
their squad hiding behind the bushes in
the woods these members are tibbett
chase and dawson dawson dies in a
landmine boyce seems very sad about
dawson's death and four devises him to
think about himself and the mission he
still has to accomplish
in the woods tibbett finds a weird dead
body they think it's a dog's corpse when
they get closer it resembles a jackal
chase tells them that this is not an
average jackal
suddenly they hear some footsteps and
point their guns they see a french girl
chloe with a bag and knife ford tells
them that the girl might put them all in
trouble by telling someone about them
they instantly catch the girl and snatch
her bag and knife
as boys can speak french this helps the
squad to communicate with her ford asks
boys to tell the girl to lead the way
chloe takes them to their house in the
village she tells them that she lives
with her aunt and her eight-year-old
brother ford asks boys to keep an eye on
her while they go inside to check if
she's telling the truth
when they go inside to her house chloe
tells them about her sick aunt ford
thinks that her aunt will become a
problem for them but chloe tells him
that she is very sick and cannot be a
threat in the attic tibbett sees from a
window that many crots are moving out
the street and corporal fold asks each
member to keep their explosives and
timer on the table as he needs a count
he tells them that they need to place
the explosives on the german radio
jamming tower
suddenly they hear some screams and they
look out the window and find a couple
being inspected by the german soldiers
chloe tells them that this happens all
the time she also tells them they cannot
stay at her house because the crots keep
checking houses all the night and they
do whatever they like
ford tells her that they would stay here
until they take the german radio jamming
tower down then tibbett tells four that
there is no point in committing suicide
over a tower boyce says that they all
have heard surgeon resin telling them
planes cannot provide air support to the
beaches until they take the tower out
typic gets very angry and scorns voice
by saying that once he couldn't kill a
mouse and now he is talking like a brave
soldier he tells boys he is not made for
this job
ford asks tibbett to take chase with him
and see if anyone else has made it to
the rally point then he orders boys to
go downstairs and make sure that
everything stays clear boyce hears
chloe's aunt coughing in her room down
the staircase he goes towards her room
and peeps inside he gets frightened when
he sees a disfigured woman inside the
room when he asks chloe about her aunt
she tells him that she doesn't exactly
know what happened to her she also tells
him her aunt hasn't spoken since she got
back from the church
chloe takes boyce downstairs and
bandages his arm she tells him that she
liked the story about the mouse boyce
tells her that her english is very good
then chloe tells him that she went to
university in london to be a
veterinarian but the war broke out and
everything has changed boyce talks to
chloe's brother paul in french upon that
she tells him that his french has a
different accent with her grandmother
because she taught her suddenly they
hear a knocking at the door the nazi
officer waffer comes in and forces chloe
for sex boyce cannot stand this and
interrupts the nazi officer ford is
forced to follow him he incapitates and
restrains waffner raffner tells him that
they will have to face the music by the
german army for this then they tie
waffner's hands with a rope and take him
to the attic
ford asks boys to go get chase and
tibbett back on his way boyce sees the
nazis burning disfigured village
residents with flamethrowers suddenly he
is chased by the dog and escapes by
jumping into the back of a nazi truck
carrying dead bodies into the church
sneaking out of the truck boyce
discovers an underground base that
houses not only a radio operating room
but also a laboratory where the germans
perform various experiments on the
french villagers involving a mysterious
serum and a large pit filled with black
tar
boyce takes a syringe containing the
serum he sees a french woman's head in
the laboratory and gets terrified to see
that she can still talk after some time
he discovers jacob rosenfeld another
member of the paratrooper squad who is
captured alive boys frees him and they
escape through the bases sewers in the
next scene boyce brings jacob to chloe's
house jacob then tells them that the
kratts grabbed him as soon as he hit the
ground after the plane crashed ford asks
boyce continually about the tower base
boyce tells him that it is below the
ground he then shows him the syringe
containing the serum ford asks waffner
to tell him about the purpose of that
syringe but waffner tells him he doesn't
know anything about it as he is just an
officer they hoist waffner up and
torture him to reveal the information
about the tower ford asks him to tell
him about the information about the men
weapons and everything going on inside
the tower after some time when chase
comes to take waffner in the attic
waffner somehow snatches his gun and
shoots him in the chest chase dies but
boyce injects him with a syringe he had
brought from the underground base in the
church chase is resurrected but he soon
mutates and turns violent he starts
attacking everyone but boyce killed him
by bludgeoning him to death meanwhile
waffner seeks away from the soldiers
during the chaos and takes paul hostage
just as a nazi patrol responding the
carnage arrives a shootout erupts in
which most of the patrol is killed and
ford blows halves of waffner's face off
then waffner somehow manages to save
himself and goes with paul to the lab he
injects himself with two doses of the
serum the serum stabilizes his condition
immediately and he begins to heal his
deep wounds
ford plans to go with the squad's
initial mission to plant their
explosives on the outside of the tower
but boyce insists on infiltrating the
base both to rescue paul and destroy the
tower from the inside which will also
destroy the laboratory the other
privates support him and ford grudgingly
agrees splitting up rosenfeld and
tibbett plan a frontal assault as a
distraction while ford boyce and chloe
enter the base using the sewers boyce
and ford plant the explosives while
chloe looks for paul she points a gun at
a german soldier and asks him to take
her to paul the soldier takes chloe to a
cell as she tries to look inside the
soldier tries to attack her but boyce
shows up at the same moment chloe and
boyce look for paul together and find
him in the laboratory he asks chloe to
take her brother outside to the
underground base
on their way they are attacked by a
mutated text subject but chloe somehow
makes paul escape through the base sewer
the mutant runs after her but she
eventually finds one of the nazi
flamethrowers she uses it to burn the
mutant to death she returns to the
village where tibbett and rosenfeld have
been pursued and pinned down by the
base's defenders tibbett is wounded
while shielding paul from gunfire chloe
ambushes and kills the remaining germans
and treats tibbetts wounds waffener had
now mutated and possessed superhuman
strength and resilience discovers ford
planting explosives in the radio tower
he easily overpowers forward and
destroys the timer he had set on the
explosives then he impaled him on a meat
hook in the laboratory surrounding the
tar pit he reveals that the serum was
made by using the villagers bodies to
distill the ancient power of the black
tar which had been running under the
village for centuries he tells them that
the aim was to create immortal and
invincible soldiers
waffner tortures ford badly and takes
his revenge boyce who's previously
finished planting explosives in the
laboratory ambushes him waffner quickly
recovers from multiple gunshot wounds
and while he's tossing around boys ford
pulls himself off the meat hook and
injects himself with a dose of the serum
to heal his wounds he attacks wolfner
and although he cannot defeat him he
manages to roll an oxygen shank to
warfner's feet which boyce then shoots
the explosion sends waffner falling into
the tar pit as ford begins to mutate
voice tells him to go with him as he
will fix the impact of the serum but he
orders boys to leave him behind and let
off the explosions in the tower
believing neither sides to possess the
serum boyce follows his orders and runs
to the radio center after this ford sets
off the explosives in the lab killing
himself the test subjects and waffner
who had mutated further and climbed out
of the tar pit boyce sets a timer on the
explosives in the radio center and
narrowly escapes as the church and
jamming tower collapse behind him
burning the laboratory he rejoins
tibbett rosenfeld chloe and paul in the
village as the radio announces that the
d-day invasion concluded in a victory
for the allies in his report boyce
credits ford for the decision to plant
the bombs inside the church leaving out
the details on why the commanding
officer questions boyce regarding the
rumors of an underground lab under the
church boyce sharing ford's views denies
seeing anything worth digging up the
officer seemingly accepts his story and
informs him that they will be reassigned
to charlie company and the movie ends
thanks for watching guys